Antonio David Flores He received two
insults today from the
collaborator of the program party Alexia
up Alexia got upset when they
made fun of her on the program and they
threw in her face that Marta risk
had taken away her platonic love
William Levy the reporter Marta riesco
left him surprised and the report was
very well received by the program Alexia
then decided to throw
two low blows at the reporter and her boyfriend that had no
point in the first Alexia
declared that she had nothing to learn
from Marta because she ended up with someone like
Antonio David and then she said that flowers had
spent 20 years destroying the
life of the mother of his children the
man from Malaga called her envious and
unprofessional and pointed out that she needed to
create controversy to be on the program
and took the opportunity to defend his girlfriend for
the report that made Alexia look ridiculous
[Music]